Reorganize and restructure Organization docs (#2758)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/reference/components/organization/organization-switcher.mdx

![The \<OrganizationSwitcher /> component allows a user to switch between their account types - their personal account and their joined organizations.](/docs/images/ui-components/organization-switcher.png){{ style: { maxWidth: '436px' } }}

> The `<OrganizationSwitcher />` component allows a user to switch between their joined organizations. If [personal accounts are enabled](/docs/guides/organizations/configure#enable-organizations), users can also switch to their personal account. This component is useful for applications that have a multi-tenant architecture, where users can be part of multiple organizations. It handles all organization-related flows, including full organization management for admins. Learn more about [organizations](/docs/guides/organizations/create-and-manage).

Author: ```suggestion
The `<OrganizationSwitcher />` component allows a user to switch between their joined organizations. If [personal accounts are enabled](/docs/guides/organizations/configure#enable-organizations), users can also switch to their personal account. This component is useful for applications that have a multi-tenant architecture, where users can be part of multiple organizations. It handles all organization-related flows, including full organization management for admins. Learn more about [organizations](/docs/guides/organizations/overview).
```
